.TH Feng 1 "March 11, 2007" "Feng Streaming Server" "LScube Project"
.SH NAME
\fBFeng\fP \- multimedia streaming server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B feng
.RI -c " config"
.RI -s
.RI -v
.RI -h
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBFeng\fP streaming server.
.PP
\fBFeng\fP is a multimedia streaming server compliant with the IETF's
standards for real\-time streaming of multimedia contents over Internet.
\fBFeng\fP implements RTSP \- Real\-Time Streaming Protocol (RFC2326) and
RTP/RTCP \- Real\-Time Transport Protocol/RTP Control Protocol (RFC3550)
supporting the RTP Profile for Audio and Video Conferences with Minimal Control
(RFC3551).
.br
\fBFeng\fP supports the following encoding standards:
.sp 1
.RS
.I Audio
.IP
\(bu
MP3 (MPEG-1 Layer III) (RFC3119).
.RE
.sp 1
.RS
.I Video
.IP
\(bu
H264 (RFC3984).
.IP
.RE
.sp 1
\fBFeng\fP is capable of live streaming using external real\-time audio/video
encoders such as lame, ffmpeg or vlc, even capturing audio and video
streams from live-recording remote hosts (with Felix \- Feng Live eXtender).
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.BI "\-c, \-\-config " config
Uses the directives in the file \fIconfig\fP
on startup. See CONFIGURATION for details.
.TP
.BI "\-s, \-\-syslog "
Uses the standard system logger facility instead of writing a logfile.
.TP
.BI "\-v, \-\-verbose "
Outputs messages to standard error, useful for debug purposes.

.SH CONFIGURATION
\fBFeng\fP's configuration files are plain-text documents. A line starting
with a # is a comment. Directives are in the format
.sp 1
.RS
keyword=value
.RE
.sp 1
\fBFeng\fP supports the following keywords:
.TP
.B avroot
Path to the directory containing the multimedia files and the \fIsource
descrption\fP (.sd) files. \fINote\fP that audio/video resources must be
de-multiplexed, i.e.  audio and video streams must be available as two or more
different files: they will be aggregated via source description (.sd) file.
.sp 1
Please see on-line documentation for examples of .sd files.
.TP
.B tcp_port
TCP port for incoming RTSP connections. IANA assigned to RTSP services the Well
Known Port \fI554\fP (root privileges required) and the Registered Port
\fI8554\fP (user privileges sufficient).
.TP
.B sctp_port
SCTP port for incoming RTSP connections. IANA assigned to RTSP services the Well
Known Port \fI554\fP (root privileges required) and the Registered Port
\fI8554\fP (user privileges sufficient). By default is set to -1 (disabled).
.TP
.B max_session
Max number of sessions handled before sending a \fI453 \- Not Enough
Bandwidth\fP error or a \fI3xx \- Redirection\fP error.
.TP
.B log_file
Log filename including the full path.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fIOn-line Documentation\fP
.TP
.BR "Feng How-To":
.UH
http://streaming.polito.it/documentation/
.sp 1
.PP
.SH AUTHORS
\fBFeng\fP was written by \fBLScube Team\fP.
.PP
This manual page was written by \fBLScube Team\fP <team@streaming.polito.it>.
.PP
Please check 
.UH
http://streaming.polito.it/team
for further details.

