.TH FENICE-1.7 "January 21, 2005"
.SH NAME
\fBFenice\fP \- an RTSP/RTP-compliant streaming server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fenice
.RI -c " config"
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBFenice\fP standard streaming server.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBFenice\fP is a streaming server compliant with the IETF's standards for
real\-time streaming of multimedia contents over Internet. \fBFenice\fP implements
RTSP \- Real\-Time Streaming Protocol (RFC2326) and RTP/RTCP \- Real\-Time
Transport Protocol/RTP Control Protcol (RFC3550) supporting the RTP Profile for
Audio and Video Conferences with Minimal Control (RFC3551).
.br
\fBFenice\fP supports the following encoding standards:
.sp 1
.RS
.I Audio
.IP
\(bu
MP3 (MPEG-1 Layer III) (RFC3119).
.RE
.sp 1
.RS
.I Video
.IP
\(bu
MPEG-1/2 (RFC2250).
.IP
\(bu
Preliminary support for MPEG-4 (RFC3016, RFC3640).
.RE
.sp 1
\fBFenice\fP is capable of live streaming using external real\-time audio/video
encoders such as lame, ffmpeg or mjpeg\-tools, even capturing audio and video
streams from live-recording remote hosts (with Felice \- Fenice Live CEaseless).
.PP
\fBFenice\fP is the official streaming server for the \fBOpen Media Streaming
Project\fP (
.UH
http://streaming.polito.it
) which is is a free/libre project software for the development of a platform
for the streaming of multimedia contents. The platform is based on the full
support of the IETF's standards for the real\-time data transport over IP. The aim
of the project is to provide an open solution, free and interoperable along
with the proprietary streaming applications currently dominant on the market.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.BI "\-c, \-\-config-file " config
Uses the directives in the file \fIconfig\fP
on startup. See CONFIGURATION for details.
.SH CONFIGURATION
\fBFenice\fP's configuration files are plain-text documents. A line starting
with a # is a comment. Directives are in the format
.sp 1
.RS
keyword=value
.RE
.sp 1
\fBFenice\fP supports the following keywords:
.TP
.B avroot
Path to the directory containing the multimedia files and the \fIsource
descrption\fP (.sd) files. \fINote\fP that audio/video resources must be
de-multiplexed, i.e.  audio and video streams must be available as two or more
different files: they will be aggregated via source description (.sd) file.
.sp 1
Please see on-line documentation for examples of .sd files.
.TP
.B port
TCP port for incoming RTSP connections. IANA assigned to RTSP services the Well
Known Port \fI554\fP (root privileges required) and the Registered Port
\fI8554\fP (user privileges sufficient).
.TP
.B max_session
Max number of sessions handled before sending a \fI453 \- Not Enough
Bandwidth\fP error or a \fI3xx \- Redirection\fP error.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fIOn-line Documentation\fP
.TP
.BR "Fenice How-To":
.UH
https://killgates.polito.it/streaming/documentation/fenice
.sp 1
.PP
\fIOther Man Pages\fP
.PP
\fBnemesi\fP (1) - the Network Media Streamer I
.SH AUTHORS
\fBFenice\fP was written by \fBOMSP Team\fP.
.PP
This manual page was written by \fBOMSP Team\fP <streaming@multimedia.polito.it>.
.PP
Please check 
.UH
https://killgates.polito.it/streaming/team
for further details.

